
    Vector for Psion 3a/3c - Version P1.11

    Copyright (c) 1997, 1998 Nick Matthews, KizzyCo

Vector is a CAD package for the Psion 3a or 3c. With it you can create
diagrams, schematics and other types of drawings. It has been designed
from scratch to be used on the Psion 3a/3c and has a number of features
designed to make the most of these machines. The Vector format means
that the drawings are easy to modify and take up very little space.
Vector includes the following features:-

  Step by step drawing for Lines, Polylines, Polygons, Boxes, Circles,
    Arcs, Text and Symbols.
  Symbols can be Scaled, Rotated and Flipped before use.
  Scale or rotate (any angle) Text, includes extended character set.
  Optionally save memory by creating a link to the symbol library.
  Unlimited Undo and Redo.
  Group and Ungroup drawing elements.
  Move, Duplicate, Scale, Rotate, Stretch and Mirror all objects,
   including text and symbols.
  Break elements into smaller elements.
  Edit any detail of an elements property.
  Full zoom and scroll.
  Jump between 4 views on the drawing.
  16 User named Layers.
  Grid and Snap settings.
  Jump to Absolute and Relative point.
  Jump to nearest End, Mid, Centre, Quadrant, Intersect, Perpendicular
    or Tangent point.
  Create and maintain your own symbol libraries.
  Create and maintain user defined fonts.
  Print to HP LaserJet or plotters.
  Export as Psion *.pic or PC *.pcx bitmaps.
  Create Template files to store initial settings for new drawings.
  User defined single key operation of any function.

A Comprehensive manual is in provided in Psion Word format to supplement
the on-line help. A HTML version is available from the KizzyCo Web site.

Any comments, good or bad, should be addressed to me (Nick Matthews),
preferably by email. I am always pleased to hear from anyone using my
software.

    Nick Matthews
    KizzyCo.
    74 High Street
    Ardingly
    West Sussex RH17 6TD
    England

    Tel: +44 (0)1444 892560
    Email: nick@kizzyco.com

    Web: http://www.kizzyco.com/

File List
~~~~~~~~~
  README.TXT                This file
  HISTORY.TXT               Changes since version P1.00
  \APP\VECTOR.APP           The main Vector program
  \APP\VECTOR\SHAPES.VSL    Geometrical shapes symbol library
  \APP\VECTOR\LOGIC.VSL     Logic gate symbol library
  \APP\VECTOR\ELECTRIC.VSL  Electrical symbol library
  \APP\VECTOR\ASCII.VSL     Default font as symbols
  \VEC\JKFF.VEC             Example drawing of a JK Flip Flop circuit
  \VEC\TRACTION.VEC         Example drawing of a steam engine
  \WRD\VPMANUAL.WRD         Vector Manual in Psion Word format

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Place the VECTOR.APP file in any \APP\ directory (folder) on the Psion.
Use the System "Apps, Install" option to select the Vector file.

All other files are optional, but if you install the JKFF.VEC example it
requires the LOGIC.VSL and ELECTRIC.VSL symbol files to be present. In
general the files should be installed in the directory structure shown
above but, provided you follow the guidelines below, this may be varied.

Drawing files have the default extension of .VEC and normally reside in
the \VEC\ folder. This is optional and drawing files may have any
extension and be placed anywhere on the disk.

System files must be placed in the \APP\VECTOR\ folder before use,
although they they can be on any disk. System drawing files have the
following file extensions:-

  *.VSL  Vector Symbol Library
  *.VFT  Vector Font file
  *.VTP  Vector template

These files may be viewed and edited where ever they are on the disk but
in order to be used as a system file, they must be in a \APP\VECTOR\
directory.

Distribution
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Vector for Psion 3a/3c may be freely distributed with only two
restrictions:

1)  All the files listed in the section "File List" above (which
    includes this one) must be included and must be unmodified.

2)  It is made clear that any charges made are for the media and
    distribution only.

On no account may any registration code or registration file be
distributed.

Anyone intending to distribute this program is advised to contact the
author to ensure that they have the latest version.

Registration
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Vector is shareware, you may use Vector for up to 30 days, after which
time you must register.

In return for the registration fee you will receive a registration code
which is entered into Vector. This will remove the start up and shut
down nag screens and entitle you to full support. The code will be valid
for future versions and for the planned Psion Series 5 version of
Vector.

You may register in one of the following ways:-

UK Stirling: 15 UK pound

  Send 15 UK pound cheque, money order (or cash at your own risk) to:

    Nick Matthews
    KizzyCo
    74 High Street
    Ardingly
    West Sussex. RH17 6TD
    England

  If you have an email address quote this and receive the registration
  code faster via email.

US Dollar: $30

  By Credit Card, check, money order or cash via RegNet.
  Be sure to include all of your contact information with your payment.
  Make checks (drawn on a US bank) payable to RegNet. Quote RegNet #:1632

    RegNet (Wintronix)
    21200 Trumpet Drive #201
    Santa Clarita, CA    91321-4441
    U.S.A.

    email:                  orders@swregnet.com
    USA phone number:       1 800 WWW2REG (1 800 999-2734)
    International number:   (805) 288-1827.

  RegNet can also accept credit card orders via the World Wide Web.

    http://www.swregnet.com/1632p.htm

Other currency or Credit Cards: Equivalent to $30 US

  Register by Credit Card via RegNet.

Site licences are available for 5 or more copies. Contact Nick Matthews
at the above address for details.

Technical Support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Obtain support for the Vector program using any of the following
methods, in order of preference:-

  The World Wide Web: http://www.kizzyco.com/
    This site will be kept up to date with the latest information on the
    programs and their manuals. A FAQ (Frequently Asked Question),
    Hints and Tips and a Troubleshooting area will be set up as needed.

  Email: support@kizzyco.com

  Cix:  The UK conferencing system. Join the vector conference.

  Post: Vector Support
        KizzyCo
        74 High Street
        Ardingly
        West Sussex. RH17 6TD
        England

  Phone: +44 (0) 1444 892560 Between 10am and 9pm UK time.

Disclaimer
~~~~~~~~~~
THIS PROGRAM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE AUTHOR (Nick Matthews) BE HELD
RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSS OF DATA, DAMAGE TO SOFTWARE/HARDWARE, OR ANY OTHER
TYPE OF LOSS OR DAMAGE AS A DIRECT OR INDIRECT RESULT OF USING THIS
SOFTWARE.


13th May 1998
